README.md, before:

# Cardinal

### What is the Cardinl System
The idea of cardinal is to create a program that can handle, learn and automate from simple to complex tasks like managing websites, bots or even
for moderation. The ultimate goal is to merge all the different projects and make them work on a single platform, removing all the problems that
might generate wrong configurations. Once the core is ultimated and perfectly functioning, to create a new application on cardinal will only require to pass the repository link of a project
and selecting the starting file, cardinal then will be able to download the project, install all dependecies and create a personalized command for the user to start the application directly from cardinal.

## Getting Started
### How to run Cardinal
In this first version of Cardinal the first way to start as development an application is the following:

- download the application with the command on a terminal `git clone https://github.com/KemonoBAT4/Cardinal`
- enter the folder with `cd Cardinal`
- create a python environment and activate it ( see how you can activate a virtual environment  [here](https://github.com/KemonoBAT4/Cardinal/blob/main/core/docs/Environment.md) )
- install all the dependencies with the command `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- now its possible to run Cardinal, for a list of arguments possible run `python run.py help`
- for a list of all the possible applications run the command `python run.py list`
- for a simple setup of an application, before running it, do `python run.py <application name> setup`
- now its possible to run the command `python run.py <application name> run`

<!--  (- install all the requirements with `pip install -r requirements.txt`) -->
<!--  (- run cardinal with `python run.py`) -->
<!--  (- visit the dashboard page `/cardinal/dashboard` to see the dashboard) -->

## The idea of Cardinal
Right now cardinal can create multiple tables on a single database for all the applications + the core, this will be changed so every application has its own sub-core and configuration, making calls to the main cardinal to send analytics data, informations, statuses and other, also the Users will be set in the main Cardinal and redistribuited through the application, without the need to create an account every time, the project will be executed in a small beta with a discord bot made in node js and a old webiste also made in node js and the api that will be used is the cardinal application

### Contribute the project
If you have access to this repository you are free to fork the dev branch to help the project.
When you are done developing pls make a pull request [here](https://github.com/KemonoBAT4/Cardinal/pulls) providing a detailed description of all the changes you made

### Structure
[Here](https://github.com/KemonoBAT4/Cardinal/blob/main/core/docs/Structure.md)'s the structure of the

Commit message:

[cardinal] updated README.md
Added a section for Ideas & Suggestions and improved wording in the Structure section.

README.md, after:

# Cardinal

### What is the Cardinl System
The idea of cardinal is to create a program that can handle, learn and automate from simple to complex tasks like managing websites, bots or even
for moderation. The ultimate goal is to merge all the different projects and make them work on a single platform, removing all the problems that
might generate wrong configurations. Once the core is ultimated and perfectly functioning, to create a new application on cardinal will only require to pass the repository link of a project
and selecting the starting file, cardinal then will be able to download the project, install all dependecies and create a personalized command for the user to start the application directly from cardinal.

## Getting Started
### How to run Cardinal
In this first version of Cardinal the first way to start as development an application is the following:

- download the application with the command on a terminal `git clone https://github.com/KemonoBAT4/Cardinal`
- enter the folder with `cd Cardinal`
- create a python environment and activate it ( see how you can activate a virtual environment  [here](https://github.com/KemonoBAT4/Cardinal/blob/main/core/docs/Environment.md) )
- install all the dependencies with the command `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- now its possible to run Cardinal, for a list of arguments possible run `python run.py help`
- for a list of all the possible applications run the command `python run.py list`
- for a simple setup of an application, before running it, do `python run.py <application name> setup`
- now its possible to run the command `python run.py <application name> run`

<!--  (- install all the requirements with `pip install -r requirements.txt`) -->
<!--  (- run cardinal with `python run.py`) -->
<!--  (- visit the dashboard page `/cardinal/dashboard` to see the dashboard) -->

## The idea of Cardinal
Right now cardinal can create multiple tables on a single database for all the applications + the core, this will be changed so every application has its own sub-core and configuration, making calls to the main cardinal to send analytics data, informations, statuses and other, also the Users will be set in the main Cardinal and redistribuited through the application, without the need to create an account every time, the project will be executed in a small beta with a discord bot made in node js and a old webiste also made in node js and the api that will be used is the cardinal application

### Contribute the project
If you have access to this repository you are free to fork the dev branch to help the project.
When you are done developing pls make a pull request [here](https://github.com/KemonoBAT4/Cardinal/pulls) providing a detailed description of all the changes you made

### Structure
A structure of the project can be found [here](https://github.com/KemonoBAT4/Cardinal/blob/main/core/docs/Structure.md) with some details about the folder's utility

### Ideas & Suggestions
A complete list of ideas that its currently in development / considered can be found [here](https://github.com/KemonoBAT4/Cardinal/blob/main/core/docs/Ideas.md) and in its related Issues (only for W.I.P. ideas)
